we're going to begin with Genesis 1 and
go from there so the whole idea of the
website is to go ahead and try to read
all this and put it up there so let's
get started hmm Genesis 1 in the
beginning God created the heavens and
the earth now the earth was formless and
empty darkness was over the surface of
the deep and the Spirit of God was
hovering over the waters and God said
let there be light and there was light
God saw that the light was good and he
separated the light from the darkness
God called the light day and the
darkness he called night and there was
evening and there was morning the first
day and God said let there be an expanse
between the waters two separate water
from water so God made the expanse and
separated the water under the expanse
from the water above it and it was so
god called the expanse sky and there was
evening and there was morning the second
day and God said let the water under the
sky be gathered to one place and let dry
ground appear and it was so God called
the dry ground land and the gathering
waters he called seas and God saw that
it was good then God said Let The Land
produce vegetation seed-bearing plants
and trees on the land that bear fruit
was seed in it according to their
various kinds and it was so the land
produced vegetation plants bearing seeds
according to their kinds and trees
bearing fruit was Seattle in it
according to their kinds and God saw
that it was good and there was evening
and there was morning the third day and
God said
let there be lights in the expanse of
the sky to separate the day from the
night and let them service signs to mark
seasons and days and years and let them
be lights in the expanse of the sky to
give light to the earth and it was so
God made two great lights the greater
light to govern the day and the lesser
light to govern the night he also made
the Stars God set them in the expanse of
the sky to give light on the earth to
govern the day and the night and two
separate light from darkness and God saw
that it was good and there was evening
and there was morning the fourth day and
God said let the waters teem with living
creatures and let birds fly above the
earth across the expanse of the sky so
God created the great creatures of the
sea and every living and moving thing
with which the water teams according to
their kinds and every winged bird
according to its kind and God saw that
it was good God blessed them and said be
fruitful and increase in number and fill
the water in the Seas and let the birds
increase on the earth and there was
evening and there was morning the fifth
day and God said Let The Land produce
living creatures according to their
kinds livestock creatures that move
along the ground and wild animals each
according to its kind and it was so God
made the wild animals according to their
kinds and the livestock according to
their kinds and all the creatures that
move along the ground according to their
kinds and God saw that it was good then
God said let us make man in our image in
our likeness and let them rule over the
fish of the sea and the birds of the air
over the livestock over all the earth
and over all the creatures that move
along the ground so God created man in
his own image in the image of God he
created him male and female
he created them god blessed them and
said to them be fruitful increased in
number fill the earth and subdue it rule
over the fish of the sea and the birds
of the air and over every living
creature that moves on the ground then
God said I give you every seed-bearing
plant on the face of the whole earth and
every tree that has fruitless seed in it
they will be yours for food and to all
the beasts of the earth and all the
birds of the air and all the creatures
that move on the ground everything that
has breath of life in it I give every
green plant for food and it was so God
saw all that he had made and it was very
good and the evening and there was
morning the sixth day that's the end of
Genesis chapter 1